As of 08/01/2022, the WBR system is being re-worked due to issues of improper distribution to holders within levels. I am working on a permanent fix to the system, with a more stable formula to give rewards. Percentages will stay the same (or raise), and it will likely be some form of this:
If any WBR level is set to get more WAX back than the level above them, the lower level will have a percentage of WAX removed from their share and given to the level above them, until the higher level has reached the correct percentage above the lower level.
The information below has been left to explain the WBR system as a whole, but percentages and amounts within may be incorrect at this time.
WAX-back rewards for holding your LHC NFTs will be sent directly to your wallet that you are holding the NFTs in. If you hold more than one of the same NFT, those will stack up to a certain percentage. To save on RAM for users and the collection, we will likely implement blends that will allow you to take stacks of your LHC NFTs and blend them into something with the  equivalent (or slightly more) WAX-back percentage than the individual NFTs alone. There will a cap on the percentage one person can get back in WAX, but that will be determined over time, and may change as the project grows and evolves.

In order to fund at least part of the WB reward system, I have set a 10% collection fee on all secondary sales of the collection. For those who don't know, this means that if you sell a lhcnftsonwax NFT for 10 wax, the collection will receive 1 wax from the total of your sale. We have this higher fee so that we can give back more to holders without going negative on WAX, that way the project can stay sustainable. My hope is that 10% feels fair, while also being enough to be effective in keeping the reward system going. I feel that gives us enough percentage to work with in order for it to be worthwhile and valuable!

The WAX-Back Rewards system (WB rewards or WBR) is based on your total "Brilliance" level. Brilliance is an immutable attribute given to each LHC NFT, and is an indicator of the rarity of the card. This will also add up for a total Brilliance Level, which will determine which grouping you're placed in for rewards back. Each level will get an increasing amount of WBR in the form of a percentage of all primary and secondary market sales (will differ due to secondary only giving a collection fee), with hopes of increasing the percentages given back as time goes on and the Collection grows both in size and popularity.  

Please note: I will not allow multi-accounts to get rewards using multiple NFTs. This means if you have the max amount of percentage back to you on Wallet A but you have more NFTs, you will not be able to send them to Wallet B and get double to max percentage. We do have tools to check on multi-accounts, and we will be vigorously checking them in order to maintain our reputation and value that we want to achieve. If you have multiple accounts and want to spread your NFTs out across them, we may be able to work something out on a user-by-user basis, but no guarantees will be made. I recommend to simply hold all of your LHC NFTs in one wallet, and then move the WAX rewards you get back to the other wallets you may use. 
	
  Along with WAX-back rewards, I also plan on distributing NFT rewards to holders of certain NFTs within the collection, but this has not been set in stone yet, so this will be updated in the future to reflect those rewards once we have a good plan in place. The hope will be to send ultra-rare cards to holders of certain cards, but depending on how it works out, this may change to blends, special discord channel access, or other perks.
	
  On top of those perks, I also plan on trying to partner with multiple different projects within the WAX community, and trying to get our collection (or at least some schemas within it) eligible for staking rewards for other collections! My goal is to be able to have LNOW be stakeable with at least two different (really great!) projects on WAX, giving the collection increased value and exposure for current holders, and hopefully will be a nice WAX/other token drip as you build your collection! 
  
  If all of this isn't quite making sense to you, a good example of art that is stakeable, but the collection itself is not a game, is Arata Digital on WAX. (https://neftyblocks.com/c/aratadigital)
  LNOW's system won't be too dissimilar from this, where you will passively collect WAX and possibly other tokens, just by holding your NFTs in your wallet. I believe this system is the best for everyone, and would seem to save on CPU and RAM for both sides. You get to keep your NFTs in your wallets, and I don't have to write as many complex Smart Contracts.... hopefully. 

***No guarantees are made on staking partnerships being made with any other project at the moment, but this will be updated over time as the collection grows and gains traction.***
	J
  ust as there will be holder rewards, there will also be WAX-back rewards for artists who submit their work during submission periods for certain Series' within the collection! My plan is to keep certain Series going indefinitely, continuously adding more and more art/media/etc. to them, while making others a limited run Series that doesn't get added to more than what has been planned for it already. Those continuous Series' (names TBD) will be able to have artist submissions added to them, after being looked over by myself, along with whoever else may join the team in the future. I will have the final say on whether or not your artwork gets added to a Series, but as long as it's legitimate, good quality, and your own original content that you created yourself, you will likely be able to have a submission entered into the collection. All different types of creative media will be accepted; if I can make it into an NFT, it can be one! 
  
  These special Series' will also be added to with artwork/media from myself, as well as my wife, so they'll constantly be growing! They will be abstract in nature, so will likely be some of the only Series' that will not cater (loosely) to some kind of general theme. 
  As a way of giving back to creators for submitting their art, they will be written into the Smart Contract for their NFT to receive at least 40% share of all sales from that NFT, both primary (sold by me) and secondary, forever. This will hopefully allow creative individuals within the LHC community to be able to share their creations with the rest of WAX, without needing to go through all the troubles of creating their own project as well, plus they get to make some extra WAX on the side! I want this to be a win for both sides, but still need to dial in exact percentages. The Lightpaper will always reflect any changes that go on, and I'll do my best to remember to announce them in the discord as well!

***Percentages are subject to change as the project evolves and gets closer to launch, as I need to make sure that the project remains sustainable.*** 
