Lhcnftsonwax will have multiple 'Series' within the entire collection, each titled something else, and containing totally different NFTs from the previous collections. The first series, Occulux, is going to be exclusively visual photography and art NFT's, taken/created and edited by me and my wife. These NFTs will have no special use case besides being blendable into different variants, as well as giving rewards back to the holders of them. There will be no need to actually stake your assets to receive WAX-Back Rewards, as there will (hopefully) be Smart Contracts written in to allow the holders of them to receive a percentage of sales without needing to be staked or taken out of your wallet in any way. 
The goal will be to allow those who hold their LHC NFTs to be able to passively earn WAX from the sales of the collection through both primary (directly from lhcnftsonwax) sales, and secondary market sales, without needing to do anything extra besides hold their NFTs in their wallets. There are plans to include many different Series' within the Collection, some of which will include user-submitted artwork that will allow artists to share even more of a percentage (50%?) of the sales with LHC, and this will also continue in perpetuity. 
As of July 2022, all LNOW NFTs from all series are stakeable on waxdao.io!
Check out the rest of the Lightpaper to read more information on staking NFTs to waxdao!

Series 1: Occulux
Occulux (defined: visual light) is a series all about the visual aspect of art! All NFTs within this series will have visual aspects only. They will not include audio in anyway, and will likely only be used for blending, staking, building Brilliance, and admiring in your wallet. 
This is the first series of the collection, and therefore, the least technical out of all of them. Any NFT that is non-audio, visual only, and likely will have few use-cases outside of general staking and trading, will likely be added to the Occulux series. These will also likely be the cheapest of all LNOW NFTs, even as we go forward into the future and past launch.

Series 2: Lightgivers
Series 2 is called Lightgivers, and is a series that is specifically dedicated to NFTs that will be stakeable on waxdao.io for WAX, rather than LIGHT! These are special, very limited-run NFTs, that are released one time only. They will also likely have a higher Brilliance value than most other LNOW NFTs, due to their higher cost and to again give balance to the choice of staking or holding. The NFT farm on waxdao runs for a much shorter time than the general LNOW NFT farm, and will not always be up and running. After the pool expires, there will be a break before a new NFT is released into Series 2 for WAX staking. 80% of the profits from any Series 2 drop will go directly back into the waxdao NFT farm, and 20% of them will go back to holders as WBRs.
Currently, there has only been 2 NFTs, A Well Deserved Rest and Lightman, that has been released within this collection. The drop for A well Deserved Rest has ended, and the template has been locked. Lightman will continue to be available until it sells out, or 3 months time has passed since the initial drop (August 10, 2022).

Series 3: cre[AI]tion
Series 3 has launched!
This is the first series within LNOW to have packs instead of single NFTs, and will likely continue to be this way throughout the series, with only certain NFTs within the schema being made for single NFT sales.
Here's the description of the first pack drop:
This is LNOW’s first card pack! It contains 5 brand new NFTs from Series 3: cre[AI]tion! All artwork within this pack was made using AI and prompt-to-image generation, as well as multiple different styles and designs included into them.
This pack also contains a 6th slot that has a chance to contain a special item! Those items are:
a bonus LNOW NFT
any 1 of secret CD Shard #'s 4, 5, or 6 (1, 2, and 3 can be purchased for LIGHT on nfthive.io)
1 WAX Candle
2.5 WAX Candle
5 WAX Candle
Frazel's Firehouse
There is an error within the description field of the actual pack NFT, it says that there are 6 NFTs with a 7th slot. This is incorrect!! There are 6 slots TOTAL, 5 NFTs and a special 6th slot. Sorry for the typo!
Unpack using the unpack link in the NFT details, or go to your packs on nfthive.io. Pack design by Frazel of The Online Inn and Food Monsters.

Series 4: ????
Coming Soon!

Series 5: ????
Coming Soon!
