	Currently, LNOW has three tokens under the lhc.gm wallet contract: LIGHT, SPARK, & SHADE.
As of now, only LIGHT has a use case, and it is singular. More use cases will be added in the future as they are able to be! Again, there is no rush to implement further use cases, and they may or may not come to fruition in the future. Check out the drop down menus below to read more about LIGHT, SPARK, and SHADE. 

LIGHT:
There are multiple ways to earn LIGHT! From staking NFTs or LIGHT on waxdao.io in the NFT Farm or Token Pool, staking LIGHT and WAX into the MEAL Pool on TacoSwap, stake your TACO for LIGHT in the SALSA Pool on TacoSWAP, and multiple other ways available now and coming soon, there's no shortage of ways to start earning LIGHT today! 
The total supply of LIGHT is 1,000,000,000 (1 Billion) tokens. Due to the token being created using waxdao's modified WAX token contract, the ability to truly burn the token is within the contract (not standard in WAX token contracts). This means that when LIGHT is burned, it will actually be gone forever, rather than being sent to some random wallet that someone may or may not have the keys for. 
In short, this means LIGHT is a Deflationary Token.
The tokenomics for LIGHT have not been completely assigned, however the plan will be to burn 90-100% of all LIGHT earned through LIGHT-based drops. There is a chance that a small percentage will go back to holders in some way, but there is also a chance that it will go back to you in the form of LIGHT backed onto your LNOW NFTs, or our recently released LIGHT Crystals.
That means you would need to burn your NFTs in order to receive the LIGHT backed onto them.
Everything about the collection is intended to try to promote value and scarcity, while also including fun choices for holders to make as they try to strategize the best way for what they want to achieve with LNOW. 

IMPORTANT: When you stake your NFTs, you lose the Brilliance points that those staked NFTs gave you, until they're unstaked. This means that you are able to go down in WBR level, so please pay attention! This decision was made intentionally to try to promote a balance of staking for LIGHT vs. Brilliance levels for WAX Back Rewards. 

The easiest way to reach and maintain the highest (currently) available level is to burn 30 Dawns, and then notify me on Discord, so I can mint you a Token of Hope for every 10 Dawns that you burned. Each Hope Token guarantees you 26 Brilliance points, which is essentially 1 WBR level per Hope Token. This option will only be available until all Dawn drops have finished, or all Tokens of Hope have been minted. All 1000 Dawns would need to burned for all Hope Tokens to be minted.
The waxdao NFT farm has been filled with ~35 million LIGHT, and the LIGHT Token pool 'lightpool' has been filled with ~26 million LIGHT.
Each Token of Hope that you are minted when you burn 10 Dawns will also give you 100,000 LIGHT alongside it.

The details of the staking pool are available on waxdao, but will be posted here when I'm able.

SPARK:
Currently there is no way to earn SPARK, and it is not currently distributed in any way. There is also no use case for SPARK as of right now. The hope for it is to become a token that is used in parallel to LIGHT, but this is not guaranteed to happen. 
SPARK may become a token that can be used as other, lesser, things. SPARK will be used in conjunction with LIGHT and SHADE to try to strengthen all three tokens (primarily LIGHT).

SHADE:
Currently there is no way to earn SHADE, and it is not currently distributed in any way. There is also no use case for SHADE as of right now due to it not being issued at all.
SHADE will be used exclusively to purchase "Shadow" type NFTs from Series 5, as well as Shadow packs, and Shadow Spheres!

